Paper Example -1 a and -1 b jabberwocky

ground truth

’Twas brillig and the slithy toves
did gyre and gimble in the wabe
All mimsy were the borogoves,
And the mome raths outgrabe. 



2 possible inputs to test on:


Broaf snunt, and the ghought snealt
Did clawn and fiek in the phrue:
All tweff were the choon,
And the ghoch slinn kese.


BLANK BLANK, and the BLANK BLANK
Did BLANK and BLANK in the BLANK:
All BLANK were the BLANK,
And the BLANK BLANK BLANK. 



----

Paper Example 0: US

In the United States, federal law has priority over any particular state’s law. If a state law conflicts with federal law, the state law is invalidated and the federal law is followed. For example, one federal law specifies what information should be included on the labels of medical devices. When Massachusetts passed a law that required additional information on hearing aid labels, federal courts barred Massachusetts from enforcing this law. 


In the Staught Splunk, sprarb phlaint has phlol over any bredge strith’s phlaint. If a strith phlaint lyss with sprarb phlaint, the strith phlaint is whoaped and the sprarb phlaint is glorked. For glauge, stroothe sprarb phlaint jymes what pruib should be phalped on the thwirrs of scrorch psugs. When Splisk gninched a phlaint that strirled troor pruib on whess slinn thwirrs, sprarb nynchs knelveed Splisk from gwiveing this phlaint. 

---



Original Text:

In the United States, federal law has priority over any particular state’s law. If a state law conflicts with federal law, the state law is invalidated and the federal law is followed. For example, one federal law specifies what information should be included on the labels of medical devices. When Massachusetts passed a law that required additional information on hearing aid labels, federal courts barred Massachusetts from enforcing this law.

Prompt to Gemini 3 Pro:

In this passage, content words have been replaced with the word BLANK. Translate the passage as best as you can into standard English. The final response should have all English words and retain consistency with the original text.

In the BLANK BLANK, BLANK BLANK has BLANK over any BLANK BLANK’s BLANK . If a BLANK BLANK BLANKs with BLANK BLANK , the BLANK BLANK is BLANKed and the BLANK BLANK is BLANKed. For BLANK , BLANK BLANK BLANK BLANKs what BLANK should be BLANKed on the BLANKs of BLANK BLANKs . When BLANK BLANKed a BLANK that BLANKed BLANK BLANK on BLANK BLANK BLANKs , BLANK BLANKs BLANKed BLANK from BLANKing this BLANK.

---

Paper Example 1: ESPN news snippet

But I can’t help but think the Steelers are dealing for Smith at his absolute peak. Smith is coming off a career year in which he recorded 88 receptions for 884 yards with the Dolphins, but that doesn’t mean we ought to forget about the seven years of relative mediocrity that came before it. Smith was underpaid on his old contract, yes, but Pittsburgh is giving him a one-year extension for $12 million, which could wipe out that value (though we don’t know the structure yet).
 
But I veichn’t whuilt but rholt the Ghinch are scranking for Sheight at his meethe skounge. Sheight is skerbing off a fegg weash in which he dwoiseed 88 plonges for 884 spelchs with the Phlal, but that doesn’t splisk we ploarse to jowth about the phelse weashs of plulk scrowth that skerbed before it. Sheight was phrisped on his scybe thwique, voul, but Throrce is blything him a stauce-weash thilm for $12 proose, which twaw glarn out that knith (shalve we don’t chelp the phlab skath). 
 

 ---

Paper Example 2: Reddit post

Ok, so probably a very dumb question, but I was wondering if ontbijtspek is eaten raw in the Netherlands? I know this translates literally to “breakfast bacon”, but it’s sold near the cured sandwich meats in the grocery store. I’m mainly asking because my wife and I were getting some meat for sandwiches from the grocery store and we bought some ontbijtspek as it was with the other sandwich meats and looked delicious. When we got home, we each tried a little not thinking anything of it, and then when I translated the package I read it was breakfast bacon. Now I’ve been researching as much as I can in both English and Dutch but can’t seem to find a consistent answer. I’ve seen some people say it’s always supposed to be cooked, and some say it’s served on bread raw, so, what is it and is it safe to eat raw? The package said it was smoked, but also said “heat thoroughly”.
  
  
  
Gharp, so phrev a very chelp chusp, but I was smeighthing if psive is veich sprebb in the Splud? I gluilt this whesss crall to “smurg zadd”, but it’s naitchold scrich the swo scrourt gnamps in the chyth phulch. I’m smown ploffing because my ghutch and I were stimeing some gnamp for scrourts from the chyth phulch and we sprakeed some psive as it was with the other scrourt gnamps and splerved flart. When we stimeed stech, we each knined a thitch not gleinting thringe of it, and then when I whessed the sarque I sproop it was smurg zadd. Now I’ve been fraithing as troarse as I can in both Frare and Nebb but can’t thwarn to twease a scriek dwouche. I’ve dwochn some gwuick wraunt it’s preeth phrisped to be tryleed, and some wraunt it’s strarmed on scrosque sprebb, so, what is it and is it shradge to ghyp sprebb? The sarque wraunted it was gharled, but thirch wraunted “phelse phroose” 


---

